[Music]
it's pretty cold outside so we decided
to go to Z hopping in the fanciest
hotels in Los Angeles and we decided to
bring a friend
he needs no introduction
mister ajikko yellow atomic so we're
going to do three hotels tonight for you
the fancy hotels in Los Angeles and we
get tackled by security the loudest
winner they don't mean to be stealth and
I was like this is the most felt thing I
got sorry I'm gonna keep that hopefully
we get into degrees tonight yeah it's
pretty cool I'm going creepy then will
we rule off this is about our group how
much 6 K and we spend like 9 km per
second it's worth rich over there that's
really dumb this is perfect miracle to
do this is couldn't fly any better it
will of it said no lady ever this is God
oh no way
oh why are their goggles from the summer
it's super hot outside to reach Russell
Watson pools and the fanciest homes that
we possibly can find I mean the thing is
knowing what those really cool as much
and we'll put it to use is where it into
the villain walking in we're asking to
get much better all right let's go
I'll have my fast a good five minutes Oh
a lot even this really response time I
see little tips on my big sign outside
what is it panting Jacob gets aggravated
to the full second on the hat because
they're gonna have to go hard and want
me down they're gonna have to walk me
down more than I want to go I tell you I
want to get out I got a posted video
oh yeah the jacuzzi Oh
[Music]
you know one is our remember like we all
have a 13th floor we have the worst job
here like the biggest like Jacuzzi fan
in the world
Sifl we're living under the stakeout
alright guys we're going in the next
hotel yeah this door is open is that
fine
setup stomach return so uh tennis what
do you do
Oh how much time you have oh [ __ ] so
this was like the faces of the fantasy
cinema I cross this one off the list
initially because it's like super
sketchy you're wasting it to the fifth
floor through the elevator and have like
a card just actually get in oh all right
[Music]
over here
it's entitled oh my god
I guess we're lucky right there yeah
it's open right yeah you can a lot of
analysis because she says is yeah only
Pro because those guys look serious we
just their way out of here
absolutely a chair to action
[Music]
[Applause]
all right good to boys we try to be a
worthy Stewart Lee try that was pretty
fancy little obvious is ocular how's it
you know it could be good to walk in I
walked in how I was like I was like I
feel underdressed and they're all like I
was like yeah just on you
[Music]
we can't get any children
how's the water guys it's good oh who is
this it is cold boy that's hot
was it me or are these hot dogs getting
smaller
[Music]
don't know so here a ya know we went
three for three
so as a celebratory I'm going in the
bone listen complete for me anyone
anybody was anytime
hi thanks for watching this video
remember subscribe and so she got mr.
Jake pol channel a thank you put a lot
of effort into everything he does
your videos are okay
[Music]